[Music]
it's weird you like hang out with
animals more than people yeah
well animals get me a rescue George he
was 2 years old
George never would have survived on his
own he definitely trusts you
last night George was seven feet away
500 pounds
George you okay buddy you're scared it's
okay this morning is nine feet pushing a
thousand what's happening to my friend
are you familiar with genetic editing
changes will be incredibly unpredictable
is he the only one oh you didn't know
about the 30-foot wolf hello today huh
science experiments falling from the sky
having George on that plane it's big
mistake
I think we'll be all right
let's go save the world
it's coming back
you have to evacuate Chicago George
didn't ask for this they're gonna put
them down
that's not happening
[Music]
there's something in the river
I was just thinking the only thing
that's missing right now is the giant
crocodile you've seen this place
and it dreams
[Music]
Oh
something inside maze awake
right
darkness
this is not going to go
when you think
Carlos told you I won't
[Music]
Oh
[Applause]
[Music]
hello there welcome back I'm glad you
could join me today let's just dive
right in and run all the colors across
the screen that you'll need to paint
along with me I have my regular old
canvas here wet and ready to go now
let's grab our trusty two-inch brush
here whack that off a little bit just
beat it like it owes you money we're
gonna get a little damp or yellow snow
here mix that with just another little
dab of our baby water now well that's
just Daniel Sedin happy little sky
remember this is your world you get to
make and break the rules here sweet baby
Jesus wish I could jump in there and
roll around and all that cascading white
powder yeah just get high and all of
life's splendor god I love cocaine so
much holy [ __ ] knuckles I am high as a
kite right now
okay let's paint in a few little happy
trees there nothing wrong with making
friends with trees you know what you
don't want to do is eat these paints
trust me on this one all right I'm gonna
whack off from Ken that's right that
feels good
[Laughter]
would you look at that it seems like we
have ourselves a finished painting so
from our family to yours keep your pants
dry your dreams wet and remember hugs
not drugs
[Music]
we've got a jar softened softer this is
more guns needy I'm counting on this
scored for my little girl I won't wait
not even for you
couple more jobs I'm gonna meet you out
there
it's all there for mother lode I'll park
at Conrad and Gardner we holed up in
here until the van comes
[Applause]
at least and many ways we are different
just as many are the same
amenda steals the thief when to stop
you can't
yes there is your room key enjoy your
sake I said you could stay with me as
long as you behave the bones family
reunion is here to check yes wonderful I
was
Oh No I need a break next year get ready
for a monster vacation
[Music]
yeah so impressive it's like a hotel on
the water
[Music]
hideaway they say cuz we don't want you
boy if I promised you I promised you a
life of magic and Wonder
look at those two girls I have
everything I want right here if you
could dream something up what would it
be a lion and elephant or giant ten feet
tall imagine a place where people can
see things have never seen before this
venture is rather bizarre people are
fascinated by the unusual and McCobb
okay may I present the famous Irish
giant mo Irish who booked on the
accident
they're just gonna laugh at us laughing
at us anyway might as well get paid when
not ever been news for you
this is about me
[Applause]
[Music]
listen now you don't understand yet but
they will
[Music]
we are putting folks of all kinds on
stage ad presenting them as equals
we have more protesters every day
great you're risking everything you've
built how do you think I've built it you
don't need the whole world to love you
just a few good people have you no shame
father the world is changing and it
refused to be a part of yours you gave
us real family
and whatever made a difference by being
like everyone else
[Applause]
[Music]
dreams are the seeds of action with all
who else remember that a single-handed
race around the world have already sent
in my entry form he's erased alone on a
boat in nine months you're the drunk or
man well we should have another drink so
that we can rule out madness may I point
out you don't have a boat capable in
such a voyage we're gonna build one have
you ever done anything like that before
that's the point if I can do it then so
can the bloke who stares at the horizon
I'm putting in the money what are you
putting in everything else fooled myself
into thinking we were just building a
boat I didn't think I'd actually have to
watch you sail away
that's what boats do promise me you'll
come back
any sane man would want to pull out of
such an endeavor leave your doubts with
us here on the show take your dreams out
to sea a great deal of pressure falls on
the man alone on a boat the sea shows no
mercy where the leaders 3,000 miles that
if I go on my chances of survival would
be 50/50
if I turn back I face certain right
I can't go on and I can't go home
so where else is there
I'm here what if I tell them my yeah
this week Dahle Kroger has been posting
some remarkable speech what do I do now
I thought I could play the game better
Donald Crowhurst
wanted to be famous now he's about to
make
we are and in this we put pressure on
the man
[Applause]
and always connected no matter how far
apart me now tomorrow and every day
often my children will still meet their
father and I will still need my husband
life must be lived so the question
becomes what can you do
give it all meaning
[Music]